Add support for unique fields for companies (#194)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/09.Companies/docs.en.md

Note also that since 3.1 it is possible to add the column 'date added to company' to reports.

### Company duplicates

Company name field is mark as unique identifier by default. But you can choose any other company fields as unique identifier in [custom fields][custom fields]. 

> In Configurations > Company Settings you can choose operator for the merge companies by the unique identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Configuration > Company Settings you can choose the operator to be used when merging companies with multiple identifiers - 'AND' or 'OR'.
```

![Setup operator for find duplications algorithm](company-duplicates-configuration-operator.png "Setup operator for find duplications algorithm")

> These settings use algorithm to find and merge duplicates companies during the import, [integrations framework][integration-framework] and other parts of Mautic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings allow Mautic to find and merge duplicate companies during the import, using the [integrations framework][integration-framework] and in other parts of Mautic.
```

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be helpful to be explicit about where this is being invoked?
